afflicted; THOMAS CATALANO

Again today as seemingly subsided from the ragging yelling conversation convexed of end date(to requse my presence of leadership/expertise in computer science & engineering with government/governing leadership a wasted interference of criminals who servjected with the capitulator base) Saturday July 25, 2020;
continues work at ALTUSNETS and engineering a required new operating system/standard, copiculation was increased to unbearable rate for malicious retardation onto my persons and works.
 Emergency note:the capitulator beam was moved to contusion to the right side bronchial(unlike where it naturally retains on the left side bronchial) for mind deterioration while also violent harassment to the temporal lobe for mind degradation for total degeneration by artificially designed droneing of sense's and train of taught.

*constant false and habitual un-true state(as the forensic store proved/and forver be the highest order;The Letter of Proof) of it all statements convexing of Melinda Gate, Renne Russo, Simona Oblinger, Mindy Rossi M and Ashley Oblinger to reiterate removal of capitulator with and/also George Lucas, Michael Jordan, "George Clinton" aka George Clooney, George Lopez D, Ashton Kutcher K, Bill Gates, Bill William Jeferson Clinton, Danica Patrick and "Jay-Z" requisite statement for the immediate required invoice payments to Dr. Thomas Catalano of Catalano Concepts Limited Liability Company and CLM Limited Liability Company
& George H. W. Bush, Ashton Kutcher D, Demi Moore M, inverse reporting Dr. Thomas Catalano's college physics and chemistry scholarships from twenty two years ago, he/they forgo they rights as observers/governance instead harp and lie about Dr. Thomas Catalano's impeccable US navel career.
& Matthew Broderick's and "Sarah Fisher"(offsite female rotation) statement of servitude as the capitulator
& Giacomo Catalano as the capitulating il false tender.

*the convexualizing statement to reference Dr. Thomas Catalano "tuff as nails" to stop the capitulator beams; physical ailments and public endangerment with beam entering others for manipulation warfare
*the convexualizing statement to reference Dr. Thomas Catalano "best machine rider their is" to stop capitulator beams; physical ailments and motor vehicle congratulations


Special note:as of Wednesday, July 22,2020;when it was servented at github.com/altusnets/BigData/altusnets/Services Source/* README log and concluded
uploading DATA for DATA bank to off-site cold storage;(the entire time uploading hourly, convexing of large crowd of people that were numbers "gambling" and bearable physical conditions turned into hanis tribulation
reverting to high frequency violent taunting Dr. Thomas Catalano and reverting beam to cause physical degradation while harassment of not working by him to retard DATA logging/ledger)after numerous daily guarantees/promises of relequisment mutilation and servatuditing my presence;which is required for the DATA:Center/Site-Keeping,
in addition to true meaning of servituded works(ie. multiple production utilities).
